# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`roles::alerting`](#rolesalerting): This class can be used to setup a alerting stack.
* [`roles::dashboard`](#rolesdashboard): This class can be used to setup a dashboard stack.
* [`roles::database`](#rolesdatabase): This class can be used to setup a database stack.
* [`roles::dns`](#rolesdns): This class can be used to setup a dns stack.
* [`roles::logging`](#roleslogging): This class can be used to setup a logging stack.
* [`roles::metrics`](#rolesmetrics): This class can be used to setup a metrics stack.
* [`roles::node`](#rolesnode): This class can be used to setup a basic node.
* [`roles::orchestration`](#rolesorchestration): This class can be used to setup a basic orchestration.
* [`roles::puppetmaster`](#rolespuppetmaster): This class can be used to setup a puppetmaster stack.
* [`roles::qa`](#rolesqa): This class can be used to setup a basic qa.
* [`roles::repo`](#rolesrepo): This class can be used to setup a repository.
* [`roles::scheduler`](#rolesscheduler): This class can be used to setup a scheduler stack.
* [`roles::storage`](#rolesstorage): This class can be used to setup a storage stack.
* [`roles::streaming`](#rolesstreaming): This class can be used to setup a streaming stack.
* [`roles::tracing`](#rolestracing): This class can be used to setup a tracing stack.
* [`roles::website`](#roleswebsite): This class can be used to setup a webserver node.

## Classes

### <a name="rolesalerting"></a>`roles::alerting`

This class can be used to setup a alerting stack.

#### Examples

##### when declaring the alerting role

```puppet
class { '::roles::alerting': }
```

### <a name="rolesdashboard"></a>`roles::dashboard`

This class can be used to setup a dashboard stack.

#### Examples

##### when declaring the dashboard role

```puppet
class { '::roles::dashboard': }
```

### <a name="rolesdatabase"></a>`roles::database`

This class can be used to setup a database stack.

#### Examples

##### when declaring the database role

```puppet
class { '::roles::database': }
```

### <a name="rolesdns"></a>`roles::dns`

This class can be used to setup a dns stack.

#### Examples

##### when declaring the dns role

```puppet
class { '::roles::dns': }
```

### <a name="roleslogging"></a>`roles::logging`

This class can be used to setup a logging stack.

#### Examples

##### when declaring the logging role

```puppet
class { '::roles::logging': }
```

### <a name="rolesmetrics"></a>`roles::metrics`

This class can be used to setup a metrics stack.

#### Examples

##### when declaring the metrics role

```puppet
class { '::roles::metrics': }
```

### <a name="rolesnode"></a>`roles::node`

This class can be used to setup a basic node.

#### Examples

##### when declaring the node role

```puppet
class { '::roles::node': }
```

### <a name="rolesorchestration"></a>`roles::orchestration`

This class can be used to setup a basic orchestration.

#### Examples

##### when declaring the orchestration role

```puppet
class { '::roles::orchestration': }
```

### <a name="rolespuppetmaster"></a>`roles::puppetmaster`

This class can be used to setup a puppetmaster stack.

#### Examples

##### when declaring the puppetmaster role

```puppet
class { '::roles::puppetmaster': }
```

### <a name="rolesqa"></a>`roles::qa`

This class can be used to setup a basic qa.

#### Examples

##### when declaring the qa role

```puppet
class { '::roles::qa': }
```

### <a name="rolesrepo"></a>`roles::repo`

This class can be used to setup a repository.

#### Examples

##### when declaring the repo role

```puppet
class { '::roles::repo': }
```

### <a name="rolesscheduler"></a>`roles::scheduler`

This class can be used to setup a scheduler stack.

#### Examples

##### when declaring the scheduler role

```puppet
class { '::roles::scheduler': }
```

### <a name="rolesstorage"></a>`roles::storage`

This class can be used to setup a storage stack.

#### Examples

##### when declaring the storage role

```puppet
class { '::roles::storage': }
```

### <a name="rolesstreaming"></a>`roles::streaming`

This class can be used to setup a streaming stack.

#### Examples

##### when declaring the streaming role

```puppet
class { '::roles::streaming': }
```

### <a name="rolestracing"></a>`roles::tracing`

This class can be used to setup a tracing stack.

#### Examples

##### when declaring the tracing role

```puppet
class { '::roles::tracing': }
```

### <a name="roleswebsite"></a>`roles::website`

This class can be used to setup a webserver node.

#### Examples

##### when declaring the website role

```puppet
class { '::roles::website': }
```

